# Third Week Update

This week was the absolulte craziest. Stuggling with my school workload, maintaining a schedual for this project, making sure I also go to work and sleep was a near imposibility to maintain all at once. So when it came time to work on this project this week the pressure was on. However, I tried creating a three.js project and I could not. I googled and searched and attempted numerous different avenues trying to find something that would allow me to use three.js in my project to no avail. I even learned how to set up and use a php local server in my efforts. However, with me running out of time I needed to figure out something to allow my project to continue to push forward and allow myself to have some sort of progress.

### Unreal Engine
So I researched other options and it seemed like the next best thing that would allow me to import my model and create a playable character that could move around the scene would be the Unreal Engine. So, inbetween classes I began learning, watching hours of videos trying to learn the basics of unreal so that I could begin working on my project the moment that I had the time to. I started a new project and began importing my model, and then more catastrophie struck, my model would not export completely. I tried numorous things to get my model to export but none of them worked, I got error after error, I tried numerous different types of exporters but none of them seemed to like my model at all. My current belief is that my use of a number of free online sourced models had some non-standared ways of texturing and modeling and thus the python exporters and json parsers did not have any clue as to how to package them and export them. So I tried creating a new version of my model where I deleted all of the textures except for a default grey texture and glass. This felt horrible to admit defeat like this and I ended the week wondering if there was a better way than this.
