# Fourth Week and Final Update

After the incredibly disappointing end to the previous week I was not expecting much of this week and I was not sure if I was going to be able to really complete what I wanted to be able to complete for this project. I continued to work at my unreal project, but then, and I still do not know why I suddenly felt this way, I decided to give three.js one more try. I looked into knew ways to import three.js and after another hour of research and trial and error, I got it to work. I was ecstatic for about 5 minutes and then it was back to getting my project back on track. I only had a few more days to work and then that was it. I need to figure out how to export my model, hopefully with materials and textures included and get them into three.js.

### Final Stretch
With such little time left, I worked as much as I could, sacrificing a lot of sleep in the process and because of it, I was able to figure out what models were giving the exporters a hard time and isolate them and remove them from my scene. I then started putting together my scene into large pieces rather than one large piece because I don't believe the exporter was able to handle that much data at once. So I packed up my scene in three different major pieces: The house itself (i.e. walls and window frames) and kitchen together along with a few various objects, then another object was the floor and all objects that had glass/transparency and a number of the plants, and then all remaining objects including the living room rug and couches and many plants and lights.

After figuring out my model situation, I started hammering out the code, much of which consisted of me scouring the internet for resources and using the three.js documentation provided by the developers. I was able to add in my camera and a plane object, and import the ability to add controls so that the camera would move around using user input. I was also able to add in a pause screen that displays the controls and then allows the user to wait before entering the world. I also added in the hdri I used for modeling and added in world lighting to give my scene a slightly better lighting. I then added in all of my models and was able to get everything all working. I also added in a loading screen so that the user doesn't question if the website has crashed (the models are very large, over a gigabyte in data so it takes a while to load in). I also made sure to add in some background audio to give the site a bit more ambiance. With everything done and with a little time left, I decided to move on to something that I was hoping to get to but was not sure if I would have time, I wanted to host it on my Portfolio website.

### Adding In Extra
One of the major things that I was hoping to be able to get to if I had time was adding my project to my Portfolio website so that I could have it available live for anyone who wished to view it. So, I looked up ways of hosting my website and settled on hosting it on Amazon Web Services (AWS). Before this I did try using the school blue server but I did not have permissions to allow for accessing the music, hdri, or model files that I needed for my project. So I set up an account, uploaded my Portfolio website including my project, used a bucket permission to make all of the files in my Portfolio visible to the public. I then opened my website and I was able to run my project!

## Conclusion
Having now completed the project I am very proud of what I was able to create. Especially since I have never worked with three.js before, and even though I almost entirely abandoned it, in the end I did end up succeeding in almost everything that I set out to do. I did not stick to my timeline exactly, however, I was able to finish with time to spare so that is quite nice. I was, for the most part, able to complete all of the major things that I wanted to accomplish for the project: to create the 3d scene as a model in blender, to import that model, along with the textures/model materials into three.js, and some sort of user interactivity. I was also able to make the lighting somewhat resemble reality and I was able to get my project onto my Portfolio website and add my project, allowing it to be accessed publicly. There are a few textures that I wasn't able to get loaded correctly, and the lighting isn't exactly photo realistic; however, I still feel that I did quite well overall.
